# Crash.Bet Autobet Script - Bustabit Manual Enter 
The Manual Enter Script allows you to easily bet the odds and amount you want without complicated algorithms.

<br>By writing <strong>manual bets</strong> of different amounts and rates, it will allow you to easily <strong>play strategies</strong> that normally require very <strong>complex coding</strong>. You can write your bets and payouts in a list <strong>using the &#8220;/&#8221; sign as a separator</strong>. You can check that bets and payouts match correctly by running it in checklist mode before you start.checklist mode is checked by default when the code is first loaded. The first to bet starts with the <strong>begin bet</strong> and the <strong>begin payout</strong>. Afterwards, it continues from the list, depending on whether the game is lost or won.  When you start the winning series after the lost game, you can play with bet and pay by following the winning list you set. You can run this win list for a certain number of times. <strong>&#8220;Win game list repetition amount&#8221;</strong> in the field, enter the number of games you want to play from the list. It is possible to bet by following the same order while switching the win and lose list. By checking the <strong>&#8220;STARTING POINT SETTING&#8221;</strong> field, you can continue to bet on the 4th game of your losing list when you lose the 3rd game on the win list. By selecting the <strong>&#8220;END OF LIST SETTINGS&#8221;</strong> field, you can repeat the latest bet and payout rates at the end of the list or return to the top of the list.<br></p>

<p><strong>Change Log</strong></p><p>Ver.2.0</p><ul><li>Unlimited manual list entries for bets and payouts.</li><li>List entry for won games.</li><li>Determining the repeat amount for the game won.</li><li>Determining the starting point that follows between won and lost games.</li><li>checklist mode.</li></ul></p>
